Add Yale Access Bluetooth integration (#23641)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/yalexs_ble.markdown

---
title: Yale Access Bluetooth
description: Instructions on how to integrate Yale Access Bluetooth devices into Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Lock
ha_bluetooth: true
ha_release: 2022.9
ha_iot_class: Local Push
ha_codeowners:
  - '@bdraco'
ha_domain: yalexs_ble
ha_config_flow: true
ha_platforms:
  - lock
ha_integration_type: integration
---

Integrates [Yale Access](https://www.yalehome.com/us/en/products/smart-technology/yale-access) Bluetooth devices into Home Assistant.

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

The Yale Access Bluetooth integration will automatically discover devices once the [Bluetooth](/integrations/bluetooth) integration is enabled and functional.

## Supported devices

Devices must have the Yale Access module installed.

- YRD216
- YRL216
- YRD226
- YRL226
- YRD256

## Obtaining the offline key

> The offline key and slot number are required to operate the lock. These credentials reside in the Yale Access app storage on iOS or Android devices with owner access to the lock.

Author: The next steps will pull the keys from the cloud without all this but thats not in the first PR.

---
title: Yale Access Bluetooth
description: Instructions on how to integrate Yale Access Bluetooth devices into Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Lock
ha_bluetooth: true
ha_release: 2022.9
ha_iot_class: Local Push
ha_codeowners:
  - '@bdraco'
ha_domain: yalexs_ble
ha_config_flow: true
ha_platforms:
  - lock
ha_integration_type: integration
---

Integrates [Yale Access](https://www.yalehome.com/us/en/products/smart-technology/yale-access) Bluetooth devices into Home Assistant.

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

The Yale Access Bluetooth integration will automatically discover devices once the [Bluetooth](/integrations/bluetooth) integration is enabled and functional.

## Supported devices

Devices must have the Yale Access module installed.

- YRD216
- YRL216
- YRD226
- YRL226
- YRD256

## Push updates

> Some locks only sends push updates when they have an active HomeKit pairing. If your lock is not getting push updates, make sure its paired with a HomeKit controller. The lock cannot be paired via HomeKit Controller and the Yale Access Bluetooth integration on the same Home Assistant instance as they will both try to access the lock at the same time and fail.

Author: ```suggestion
Some locks only send push updates when they have an active HomeKit pairing. If your lock is not sending push updates, ensure it's paired with a HomeKit using an iOS device or the HomeKit controller integration. The lock cannot be paired via HomeKit Controller and the Yale Access Bluetooth integration on the same Home Assistant instance as they will both try to access the lock simultaneously and fail.

Alternatively, call the `homeassistant.update_entity` service to force the integration to update the lock state.
```

---
title: Yale Access Bluetooth
description: Instructions on how to integrate Yale Access Bluetooth devices into Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Lock
ha_bluetooth: true
ha_release: 2022.9
ha_iot_class: Local Push
ha_codeowners:
  - '@bdraco'
ha_domain: yalexs_ble
ha_config_flow: true
ha_platforms:
  - lock
ha_integration_type: integration
---

Integrates [Yale Access](https://www.yalehome.com/us/en/products/smart-technology/yale-access) Bluetooth devices into Home Assistant.

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

The Yale Access Bluetooth integration will automatically discover devices once the [Bluetooth](/integrations/bluetooth) integration is enabled and functional.

## Supported devices

Devices must have the Yale Access module installed.

- YRD216
- YRL216
- YRD226
- YRL226

> - YRD256

Author: I just got the conexis l1 working yesterday so I need to add that to the list
